README.md, before:

# Azure Data Marketplace

This solution underpins the sharing of data in the Azure Marketplace. The code in this repository is a proof of concept to allow selling of data within the Azure Marketplace and is not considered production ready.

## Documentation

Below are instructions and helpful resources to get you up and running to publish your Data Offer on the Azure Marketplace and to understand the purchase experience.

1. [Logical architecure overview](docs/Architecture.md)
1. [Deploy publisher resources](docs/PublisherDeployToAzure.md)
1. [Create a Data Share in your Data Share Account](docs/CreateDataShare.md)
1. [Creating an Data Offer > Plan in Partner Center](docs/CreatePlan.md)
1. [Purchasing a Data Offer as a Consumer](docs/PurchaseDataOffer.md)

## Marketplace Resources

The following are links to additional resources about the Azure Marketplace and the Partner Center portal. These resources are provided to help understand the publishing process and other aspects of selling your solution within the Azure Marketplace.

1. [Welcome to the commercial marketplace](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/marketplace/)
1. [Overview of the Commercial Marketplace Portal in Partner Center](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/marketplace/partner-center-portal/commercial-marketplace-overview)
1. [Create an Azure applicaiton offer](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/marketplace/partner-center-portal/create-new-azure-apps-offer)

Commit message:

Adding in docs with video and new images. (#15)
* changed some wording.

* left aligned icon

* added global wildcards

* added some AMP resources. WIll add more later.

* Changed function succed nd completed log message.

* updated function app zip with latest code.

* added some more variables instead of hard coded

* now ignores active test script.

* creates app.zip to deploy in partner center

* added app.zip

* refinements to the view. Got rid of info boxes.

* added default regions

* reordering params

* Fxed a  typo

* account for more than one invitation

* commented out debug statement

* Added instructions to the file.

* moving to util folder

* deletes previous zip and doesn't include OS files.

* resized image

* added more explanitory text

* added instructions in the comments

* made background transparent

* renamed file

* added instructions in comments

* added additional instructions

* deleting dup folder

* simple rewording

* added video links and screen shot

* fixed some ypos. reordered a section.

README.md, after:

# Azure Data Marketplace

The code in this repository is a proof-of-concept to allow selling of data within the Azure Marketplace and is not considered production ready.

## Intallation Instructions and Examples

Below are instructions, videos, and helpful resources to get up and running to publish Data Offer on the Azure Marketplace and to understand the purchase experience.

1. [Logical architecure overview](docs/Architecture.md)
1. [Deploy publisher Azure resources](docs/PublisherDeployToAzure.md)
1. [Create a Data Share in your Data Share Account](docs/CreateDataShare.md)
1. [Preparing Plan artifacts for the Partner Center portal](docs/PreparePlan.md)
1. [Creating an Offer and Plan in Partner Center](docs/CreatePlan.md)
1. [Purchasing a Data Offer as a consumer](docs/PurchaseDataOffer.md)

## Other Marketplace Resources

Following are links to additional resources about the Azure Marketplace and the Partner Center portal. These resources are provided to help with the publishing process and other aspects of selling your solution in the Azure Marketplace.

1. [Welcome to the commercial marketplace](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/marketplace/)
1. [Overview of the Commercial Marketplace Portal in Partner Center](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/marketplace/partner-center-portal/commercial-marketplace-overview)
1. [Create an Azure Applicaiton offer](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/marketplace/partner-center-portal/create-new-azure-apps-offer)
