docs/PublisherDeployToAzure.md, before:

# Data Publisher - Deploy Resources to Azure

### Deploy this to your Azure subscription

There are 4 ways to deploy this ARM template from this repo to your Azure subscription as described below.

1. [Use the "Deploy to Azure" button to deploy using the Azure portal](#deploy-using-azure-portal)
2. [Clone this repo and deploy the template from your system](#clone-this-repo-and-deploy-the-template-from-your-system)
3. [Use PowerShell](#deploy-using-powershell)
4. [Use Azure CLI](#deploy-using-azure-cli)

This folder contains the technical artifacts  you can use to create the Azure services in your Azure tenant as a publisher.

### The deployment files
```
This folder
|
|─── azuredeploy.json ──> this ARM template deploys all services to share your data with consumers 
|─── azuredeploy.parameters.json ──> this is the ARM template parameter file to use if you want to automate this process as part of your DevOps pipeline
|─── functionapp
    └─ functionapp.zip - this zip file contains the source code for a function app that is part of the solution
```

### What will be deployed to Azure

The following resources will be deployed to Azure when installing the Data Publisher environment.

1. A Resource Group to contain the other resources
1. An Azure Data Share account
1. A Azure Function whose source is located in the functionapp.zip referenced above
    - A Storage account ued by the Azure Function
    - An App Service to host the Azure Function

This deployment is based on ARM templates. This ARM template requires designating a resource name prefix and a location where Azure Data Share accounts is available. The resource name prefix is used in constructing a name for each resource created as part of the deployment. 

#### Deploy using Azure portal

Deploy Data Publisher resources directly your Azure.

[![Deploy to Azure](https://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png)](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure%2Fcommercial-marketplace-data-offers%2Fmain%2Finstall%2Fpublisher-azure%2Fazuredeploy.json)

#### Clone this repo and deploy the template from your system

This template deploys the source code available at [/powershell-data-function](https://github.com/Azure/commercial-marketplace-data-offers/tree/main/powershell-data-function) using ZipDeploy. The zip file is located at https://github.com/Azure/commercial-marketplace-data-offers/tree/main/install/publisher-azure/functionapp

> In most cases, you can leave the *PackageURI* variable in the ARM template unchanged. However, if you are making any changes to the function app source code, please ensure that you are create a zip package that contains those changes and update the *PackageURI*  variable to point to the zip file where it can be accessed over the Internet. You can use SAS tokens if you are storing them in a storage account.

```
Note: This applies to the PowerShell and Azure CLI deployments as well.
```

#### Deploy using PowerShell

```powershell
$rgName="<your resource group name>"
$location="<region with Azure Data Share availability>"
$templateUri="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/commercial-marketplace-data-offers/main/install/publisher-azure/azuredeploy.json"

$resourceNamePrefix="<prefix for resources>"
$appServicePlan="B1"

# Create a resource group
New-AzResourceGroup -Name $rgName -Location $location

# Deploy the template
New-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName $rgName -TemplateFile $templateUri -ResourceNamePrefix $resourceNamePrefix -ResourceLocation $location -AppServicePlan $appServicePlan
```

#### Deploy using Azure CLI

```bash
rgName="<your resource group name>"
location="<region with Azure Data Share availability>"
templateUri="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/commercial-marketplace-data-offers/main/install/publisher-azure/azuredeploy.json"

resourceNamePrefix="<prefix for resources>"
appServicePlan="B1"

# Create a resource group
az group create --name $rgName --location $location

# Deploy the template
az deployment group create \
  --name ExampleDeployment \
  --resource-group $rgName \
  --template-file $templateUri \
  --parameters ResourceNamePrefix=$resourceNamePrefix ResourceLocation=$location AppServicePlan=$appServicePlan
```

Commit message:

added publisher deploy to azure video

docs/PublisherDeployToAzure.md, after:

# Data Publisher - Deploy Resources to Azure

### Deploy this to your Azure subscription

There are 4 ways to deploy the data publisher resources from this repository to your Azure subscription.

1. [Use the "Deploy to Azure" button to deploy using the Azure portal](#deploy-using-azure-portal)
2. [Clone this repo and deploy the template from your system](#clone-this-repo-and-deploy-the-template-from-your-system)
3. [Use PowerShell](#deploy-using-powershell)
4. [Use Azure CLI](#deploy-using-azure-cli)

<a href="https://youtu.be/FM9NlWo6eqk"><img src="./images/Video.png" width="50" style="float:left;align:left;" align="left" target="_blank"></a>

You can watch a video of all of these technics to decide which is best for you. The installation techniques are further documented below. Pause at any time to work along with the video.

<a href="https://youtu.be/FM9NlWo6eqk">![Slide Thumbnail](./images/06.png)</a>





### The deployment files

This folder contains the technical artifacts  you can use to create the Azure services in your Azure tenant as a publisher.

```
This folder
|
|─── azuredeploy.json ──> this ARM template deploys all services to share your data with consumers 
|─── azuredeploy.parameters.json ──> this is the ARM template parameter file to use if you want to automate this process as part of your DevOps pipeline
|─── functionapp
    └─ functionapp.zip - this zip file contains the source code for a function app that is part of the solution
```

### What will be deployed to Azure

The following resources will be deployed to Azure when installing the Data Publisher environment.

1. A Resource Group to contain the other resources
1. An Azure Data Share account
1. A Azure Function whose source is located in the functionapp.zip referenced above
    - A Storage account ued by the Azure Function
    - An App Service to host the Azure Function

This deployment is based on ARM templates. This ARM template requires designating a resource name prefix and a location where Azure Data Share accounts is available. The resource name prefix is used in constructing a name for each resource created as part of the deployment. 

#### Deploy using Azure portal

Deploy Data Publisher resources directly your Azure.

[![Deploy to Azure](https://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png)](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure%2Fcommercial-marketplace-data-offers%2Fmain%2Finstall%2Fpublisher-azure%2Fazuredeploy.json)

#### Clone this repo and deploy the template from your system

This template deploys the source code available at [/powershell-data-function](https://github.com/Azure/commercial-marketplace-data-offers/tree/main/powershell-data-function) using ZipDeploy. The zip file is located at https://github.com/Azure/commercial-marketplace-data-offers/tree/main/install/publisher-azure/functionapp

> In most cases, you can leave the *PackageURI* variable in the ARM template unchanged. However, if you are making any changes to the function app source code, please ensure that you are create a zip package that contains those changes and update the *PackageURI*  variable to point to the zip file where it can be accessed over the Internet. You can use SAS tokens if you are storing them in a storage account.

```
Note: This applies to the PowerShell and Azure CLI deployments as well.
```

#### Deploy using PowerShell

```powershell
$rgName="<your resource group name>"
$location="<region with Azure Data Share availability>"
$templateUri="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/commercial-marketplace-data-offers/main/install/publisher-azure/azuredeploy.json"

$resourceNamePrefix="<prefix for resources>"
$appServicePlan="B1"

# Create a resource group
New-AzResourceGroup -Name $rgName -Location $location

# Deploy the template
New-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName $rgName -TemplateFile $templateUri -ResourceNamePrefix $resourceNamePrefix -ResourceLocation $location -AppServicePlan $appServicePlan
```

#### Deploy using Azure CLI

```bash
rgName="<your resource group name>"
location="<region with Azure Data Share availability>"
templateUri="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/commercial-marketplace-data-offers/main/install/publisher-azure/azuredeploy.json"

resourceNamePrefix="<prefix for resources>"
appServicePlan="B1"

# Create a resource group
az group create --name $rgName --location $location

# Deploy the template
az deployment group create \
  --name ExampleDeployment \
  --resource-group $rgName \
  --template-file $templateUri \
  --parameters ResourceNamePrefix=$resourceNamePrefix ResourceLocation=$location AppServicePlan=$appServicePlan
```
